readme.md, before:

[![Stories in Backlog](https://badge.waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan.svg?label=ready&title=Backlog)](http://waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan) [![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan.svg?label=ready&title=Ready)](http://waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan) [![Stories in In%20Progress](https://badge.waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan.svg?label=ready&title=In%20Progress)](http://waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan) [![Stories in Done](https://badge.waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan.svg?label=ready&title=Done)](http://waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan)

## Friendly Code's Strategic Plan
The final version of [Friendly Code’s Strategic Plan for 2016](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/blob/master/2016-strategic-plan.md) was submitted to [Code for America](http://www.codeforamerica.org). As part of the 2016 strategic planning process, [Friendly Code](http://friendlycode.org) asked members to complete a survey, that asked, among other things, how members felt that the 2015 goals were accomplished. Following the survey Friendly Code held a moderated workshop to discuss the results and work toward identifying broad topics that Friendly Code should focus on for the upcoming year.

This Git repository aims to to serve as the go-to place for all of a team's working information, even if the information is provided as links to other sources. This will help individuals and teams to participate, organize, and easily share their information and to enable easy exploration of the connections between team members. Additional coordination and communication will take place within Slack and you can [track or add issues via Waffle](https://waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan).

Friendly Code’s strategic plan includes the following areas of focus:

- [Project Management](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/project-management)
- [Leadership Structure](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/leadership-structure)
- [Fundraising](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/fundraising)
- [Programming](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/programming)
- [People & Partnerships](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/people-partnerships)
- [Financial Management](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/financial-management)

## How To Participate

Please make sure you read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/friendlycode/codeofconduct/blob/master/README.md) before participating. Following our Code of Conduct is a requirement for participation. Beyond the Code of Conduct we welcome the participation of everyone in contributing to improving our brigade and our community. If you're unsure or afraid of anything, just ask or submit the issue or pull request anyways. The worst that can happen is that you'll be politely asked to change something. We appreciate any sort of contribution, and don't want a wall of rules to get in the way of that.

Check out the work of the focus area that interests you. Also take a moment to look at the [Waffle](https://waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan) created for the work of the Strategic Plan. Issues and ideas can be shared within Waffle.

If you want to add or edit content please follow the steps below.

1. Fork the repo ([https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/fork](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/fork))
2. Create your feature branch
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch
5. Create a new Pull Request

Feel free to ping [@allen616](https://github.com/Allen616) with any questions you may have.

## License
Read our [license](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/blob/master/license.md) based on the MIT license.

Commit message:

Added link to new goal-matrix.md.

readme.md, after:

[![Stories in Ready](https://badge.waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan.svg?label=ready&title=Ready)](http://waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan)

## Friendly Code's Strategic Plan
The final version of [Friendly Code’s Strategic Plan for 2016](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/blob/master/2016-strategic-plan.md) was submitted to [Code for America](http://www.codeforamerica.org). As part of the 2016 strategic planning process, [Friendly Code](http://friendlycode.org) asked members to complete a survey, that asked, among other things, how members felt that the 2015 goals were accomplished. Following the survey Friendly Code held a moderated workshop to discuss the results and work toward identifying broad topics that Friendly Code should focus on for the upcoming year.

This Git repository aims to to serve as the go-to place for all of a team's working information, even if the information is provided as links to other sources. This will help individuals and teams to participate, organize, and easily share their information and to enable easy exploration of the connections between team members. 

Additional coordination and communication will take place within Slack and you can [track or add issues via Waffle](https://waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan). If you prefer you can view the individual [goals in a matrix format](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/blob/master/goal-matrix.md).

Friendly Code’s strategic plan includes the following areas of focus:

- [Project Management](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/project-management)
- [Leadership Structure](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/leadership-structure)
- [Fundraising](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/fundraising)
- [Programming](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/programming)
- [People & Partnerships](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/people-partnerships)
- [Financial Management](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/tree/master/financial-management)

## How To Participate

Please make sure you read our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/friendlycode/codeofconduct/blob/master/README.md) before participating. Following our Code of Conduct is a requirement for participation. Beyond the Code of Conduct we welcome the participation of everyone in contributing to improving our brigade and our community. If you're unsure or afraid of anything, just ask or submit the issue or pull request anyways. The worst that can happen is that you'll be politely asked to change something. We appreciate any sort of contribution, and don't want a wall of rules to get in the way of that.

Check out the work of the focus area that interests you. Also take a moment to look at the [Waffle](https://waffle.io/friendlycode/strategic_plan) created for the work of the Strategic Plan. Issues and ideas can be shared within Waffle.

If you want to add or edit content please follow the steps below.

1. Fork the repo ([https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/fork](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/fork))
2. Create your feature branch
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch
5. Create a new Pull Request

Feel free to ping [@allen616](https://github.com/Allen616) with any questions you may have.

## License
Read our [license](https://github.com/friendlycode/strategic_plan/blob/master/license.md) based on the MIT license.
